Singing in original tune.
In addition, the family affection must be my greatest. No,
Tell you, please say this. American eel,
to make what was given,
I just thought it was four words,
Come with four words,
Come with four words, come with four words,
Come with four characters, come with four characters, come with four characters, come with four characters, come with four characters, come with four characters, come with four characters, come with four characters, come with four characters four words,
Come with four words,
Come with four characters, come with four characters, come with four characters, come with four characters, come with four characters, come with four characters, come with four characters, come with four characters, come with four characters Four words, come with four words,
You Jiang Zhen is more like me, Daxia Jiang Zhen has each other
The one we serve and send away is Zhongzhong
It’s really a shame that I’m missing out
But I like the things you gave me
Jiang Zhen is the same as Jiang Zhen but likes
Duoduo’s voice is not yellow
Not yellow
Liwu given by Brother Dahuang
Preliminary and best
But he must be just making up his appearance
It's time
It will still be difficult
This Xi is not a predictor
My third brother Daxia Jiangzhen
hello wait
It's time to receive a meeting from the generals
What are you thinking about?